What are you reading?
Tom Sawyer by the famous American writer Mark Twain.
I'm writing about him for my English class.
I read Tom Sawyer. Very good.
Hey, we can find out about him on the internet.
Yes.
Okay.
Look at this.
His real name was Samuel Clemens, and he was born in 1835 in Missouri.
He left school and began work at the age of 12.
What did he do?
He wrote for a newspaper.
Later he got work on a boat.
Did he stay in Missouri?
No. He went to New York and other cities.
When did he begin his stories?
I don't know the exact date, but he took the name Mark Twain and became very famous in the 1860s.
He went to Europe as well, but he didn't come to China.
Yes, I knew that.
Enjoy the book.
Yes, it's good.